.\" Information collected from source code
.TH lxpanel.hints 5 "October 2010" "M E Andersson" ""

.SH Name
lxpanel.hints \- Configuration hints for lxpanel plugins

.SH Description
.PP
This text collects some background information for configuration
of plugins available for \fBlxpanel\fR(1).
.PP
The templates below use keywords \fIboolean\fR, \fIinteger\fR,
and \fIstring\fR to denote the expected type of value for each
instance.  A few exceptions below are using explicit values in
order to clearify the common usage.
.
The plugins are introduced by name in a semi-random fashion.
In practice a mixture of different stanzas \fIPlugin\fR are
written in the order that they are to produce in the actual
panel on the desktop.
.
.SH Available plugins
.
.P
.B menu
.IP
Plugin {
    type = menu
    Config {
        name = \fIstring\fR
        image = \fIstring\fR

        system {
        }

        separator {
        }

        item {
            command = \fIstring\fR
            image = \fIstring\fR
        }
    }
.br
}

.P
.B dirmenu
.IP
Plugin {
    type = dirmenu
    Config {
        name = \fIstring\fR
        image = \fIstring\fR
        path = \fIstring\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B taskbar
.IP
Plugin {
    type = taskbar

    expand = \fIinteger\fR
    Config {
        tooltips = \fIboolean\fR
        IconsOnly = \fIboolean\fR
        ShowAllDeska = \fIboolean\fR
        UseMouseWheel = \fIboolean\fR
        UseUrgencyHint = \fIboolean\fR
        FlatButton = \fIboolean\fR
        GroupedTasks = \fIboolean\fR
        MaxTaskWidth = \fIinteger\fR
        spacing = \fIinteger\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B launchbar
.IP
Plugin {
    type = launchbar
    Button {
        id = \fIstring\fR
        image = \fIstring\fR
        tooltip = \fIstring\fR
        action = \fIstring\fR
        terminal = \fIboolean\fR
    }
    Button {
        id = lxde-logout.desktop
    }
.br
}

.P
.B wincmd
.IP
Plugin {
    type = wincmd
    Config {
        image = \fIstring\fR
        Button1 = \fIstring\fR
        Button2 = \fIstring\fR
        Toggle = \fIstring\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B space
.IP
Plugin {
    type = space
    Config {
        Size = \fIinteger\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B pager
.IP
Plugin {
    type = pager
.br
}

.P
.B batt
.IP
Plugin {
    type = batt
    Config {
        HideIfNoBattery = bool
        AlarmCommand = \fIstring\fR
        AlarmTime = \fIinteger\fR
        BorderWidth = \fIinteger\fR
        Size = \fIinteger\fR
        BackgroundColor = \fIstring\fR
        ChargingColor1 = \fIstring\fR
        ChargingColor2 = \fIstring\fR
        DischargingColor1 = \fIstring\fR
        DischargingColor2 = \fIstring\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B kbled
.IP
Plugin {
    type = kbled
    Config {
        ShowCapsLock = \fIinteger\fR
        ShowNumLock = \fIinteger\fR
        ShowScrollLock = \fIinteger\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B dclock
.IP
Plugin {
    type = dclock
    Config {
        ClockFmt = \fIstring\fR
        TooltipFmt = \fIstring\fR
        Action = \fIstring\fR
        BoldFont = \fIinteger\fR
        IconOnly = \fIinteger\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B cpu
.IP
Plugin {
    type = cpu
.br
}

.P
.B cpufreq
.IP
Plugin {
    type = cpufreq
    Config {
        Frequency = \fIinteger\fR
        Governor = \fIstring\fR
        Remember = \fIboolean\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B thermal
.IP
Plugin {
    type = thermal
    Config {
        NormalColor = \fIstring\fR
        Warning1Color = \fIstring\fR
        Warning2Color = \fIstring\fR
        Sensor = \fIstring\fR
        CustomLevels = \fIinteger\fR
        Warning1Temp = \fIinteger\fR
        Warning2Temp = \fIinteger\fR
        AutomaticSensor = \fIinteger\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B deskno
.IP
Plugin {
    type = deskno
    Config {
        BoldFont = \fIinteger\fR
        WMLabels = \fIinteger\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B netstatus
.IP
Plugin {
    type = netstatus
    Config {
        iface = \fIstring\fR
        configtool = \fIstring\fR
    }
.br
}

.P
.B xkb
.IP
Plugin {
    type = xkb
    Config {
        DisplayType = \fIinteger\fR
        PerAppLayout = \fIinteger\fR
        DefaultGroup = \fIinteger\fR
    }
.br
}
.
.SH "Configuration files"
.
.TP
\fI~/.config/lxpanel/"profile-name"/panels/panel\fR
User specific panel specification. The name of the panel
is passed to \fBlxpanel\fR using the switch '--profile'.
.
.TP
\fI/usr/share/lxpanel/profile/"profile-name"/panels/panel\fR
.
.TP
\fI/usr/share/lxpanel/profile/default/panels/panel\fR
.
.SH See also
\fBlxpanel\fR(1), \fBlxpanelctl\fR(1)
.SH Bugs
There ought to be some.  Do point them out!
The Debian package maintainer will take necessary
steps and actions.

.SH Author
This text was compiled for Debian GNU/Linux by Mats Erik Andersson.
It may be used also by others, but the text underlies the same
licensing as \fBlxpanel\fR itself does.
